README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Remove unused files and transition from Next.js to Astro framework
- Deleted .env.local.example, components.json, and various configuration files related to Next.js.
- Removed Next.js specific files including layout, page components, and TypeScript definitions.
- Updated package.json to reflect Astro dependencies and scripts.
- Cleaned up unused assets and blog content.
- Adjusted TypeScript configuration for Astro compatibility.

README.md, after:

## Hanif Carroll – Astro Portfolio

This repo hosts the Astro-based portfolio and blog for the “SaaS in 2 Weeks” offering.  
It replaces the previous Next.js build while keeping the existing project JSON data and public assets.

### Tech Stack
- [Astro 5](https://astro.build) with static output
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com) via `@astrojs/tailwind`
- Markdown content collections for the blog
- Project data sourced from JSON files in `src/lib/projects/`

### Getting Started
```bash
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```
The dev server runs on [http://localhost:4321](http://localhost:4321) by default.

### Commands
- `pnpm dev` – start the local dev server
- `pnpm build` – type-check and build the static site to `dist/`
- `pnpm preview` – preview the production build locally

### Content & Data
- Blog posts live in `src/content/blog/*.md` (frontmatter uses `title`, `description`, `pubDate`, optional `tags` and `coverImage`).
- Project case studies are defined in JSON under `src/lib/projects/` and surfaced through `src/lib/project-cards.ts`.
- Public images remain in `public/` and are referenced directly by the JSON files and templates.

### Deployment
The project outputs static HTML, so it can be deployed to any static host (e.g. Vercel, Netlify, Cloudflare Pages). Run `pnpm build` and upload the `dist/` directory.
