src/pages/about.md, before:

---
title: "About"
description: "Learn about Hanif Carroll's journey from frontend developer to Technical Product Expert, his passion for user-centered design, and what drives him to create digital products that bring people together."
layout: ../layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro
---

# About Me

## My Journey

Growing up in a small Florida city, I initially studied health sciences at the University of South Florida with plans to become a physical therapist and eventually open a gym for athletes.

Before entering a graduate program, I realized this path wouldn't be fulfilling. Programming entered the picture and quickly became a passion. Self-teaching led to a career in tech, where I've been ever since.

I've always been drawn to languages—studying Japanese, Mandarin Chinese, German, and Turkish over the years. Spanish became my focus during the pandemic. After nearly two years of study, a trip to Mexico City sparked a fascination with life in Latin America.

## Finding Home in Buenos Aires

My long-standing desire to live in a big city led me to explore several Latin American capitals: Medellín, Bogotá, Lima, and Buenos Aires. Buenos Aires won decisively with its vibrant social energy and cultural richness.

Nearly three years later, the city continues to exceed expectations. It's been a powerful teacher, fostering personal growth and connecting me with incredible people.

## My Values

**Authenticity** — I'm guided by Carl Jung's concept of individuation: becoming a distinct individual separate from the collective. This philosophy drives my search for personal potential and belief in tight-knit communities as sources of meaning.

**Well-being** — I prioritize activities that genuinely make me feel good while avoiding those that don't. This isn't pure hedonism—working out energizes me, while dishonesty or poor eating depletes me.

**Simplicity** — Both in life and design, I value keeping things simple. As Gall's law states: complex systems that work evolve from simple systems that worked. Complexity can't be designed from scratch.

## What Drives Me

**Connection** — I'm passionate about bringing people together and creating spaces for meaningful interaction. I organize a community in Buenos Aires that bridges digital nomads, expats, and locals through intentional events that foster deeper connections.

**User Experience** — My empathy makes UX a natural interest. My long-term goal is creating a software studio with a portfolio of digital products people love using. Well-designed products empower users to be their authentic selves.

**Philosophy** — I've spent years exploring the question "how can I live a good life?" through philosophy, psychology, religion, and spirituality. This ongoing inquiry shapes how I approach both life and work.

## Now

Physical activity is central to my daily routine—nearly 20 years of weightlifting plus ultimate frisbee, flag football, dancing, running, and yoga keep me grounded.

[Check out my now page](/now) to see what I'm currently working on.

Commit message:

Update page descriptions across About, Index, Services, and Websites sections to better reflect current focus and enhance clarity. Revise content to emphasize user-centered design, authenticity, and the value of professional websites in driving conversions.

src/pages/about.md, after:

---
title: "About"
description: "Learn about Hanif Carroll's journey to becoming a Technical Product Expert, his values of authenticity and simplicity, and his passion for creating digital products that connect people and foster meaningful relationships."
layout: ../layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro
---

# About Me

## My Journey

Growing up in a small Florida city, I initially studied health sciences at the University of South Florida with plans to become a physical therapist and eventually open a gym for athletes.

Before entering a graduate program, I realized this path wouldn't be fulfilling. Programming entered the picture and quickly became a passion. Self-teaching led to a career in tech, where I've been ever since.

I've always been drawn to languages—studying Japanese, Mandarin Chinese, German, and Turkish over the years. Spanish became my focus during the pandemic. After nearly two years of study, a trip to Mexico City sparked a fascination with life in Latin America.

## Finding Home in Buenos Aires

My long-standing desire to live in a big city led me to explore several Latin American capitals: Medellín, Bogotá, Lima, and Buenos Aires. Buenos Aires won decisively with its vibrant social energy and cultural richness.

Nearly three years later, the city continues to exceed expectations. It's been a powerful teacher, fostering personal growth and connecting me with incredible people.

## My Values

**Authenticity** — I'm guided by Carl Jung's concept of individuation: becoming a distinct individual separate from the collective. This philosophy drives my search for personal potential and belief in tight-knit communities as sources of meaning.

**Well-being** — I prioritize activities that genuinely make me feel good while avoiding those that don't. This isn't pure hedonism—working out energizes me, while dishonesty or poor eating depletes me.

**Simplicity** — Both in life and design, I value keeping things simple. As Gall's law states: complex systems that work evolve from simple systems that worked. Complexity can't be designed from scratch.

## What Drives Me

**Connection** — I'm passionate about bringing people together and creating spaces for meaningful interaction. I organize a community in Buenos Aires that bridges digital nomads, expats, and locals through intentional events that foster deeper connections.

**User Experience** — My empathy makes UX a natural interest. My long-term goal is creating a software studio with a portfolio of digital products people love using. Well-designed products empower users to be their authentic selves.

**Philosophy** — I've spent years exploring the question "how can I live a good life?" through philosophy, psychology, religion, and spirituality. This ongoing inquiry shapes how I approach both life and work.

## Now

Physical activity is central to my daily routine—nearly 20 years of weightlifting plus ultimate frisbee, flag football, dancing, running, and yoga keep me grounded.

[Check out my now page](/now) to see what I'm currently working on.
