src/pages/now.md, before:

---
title: "Now | Hanif Carroll Web Designer & Developer"
description: "See what Hanif Carroll is focused on right now: current projects, priorities, and what’s new."
layout: ../layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro
updated: 2025-05-26
location: Buenos Aires, Argentina
---

# What I'm Up To

(This is [a now page](https://nownownow.com/about), and if you have your own site, you should make one, too.)

_Last Updated June 2nd, 2025_

## From Freelance to Product

After careful reflection, I've decided to set my sights on a new career path. My long term goal is to create a software studio that makes consumer apps that connects people and makes their lives better. My shorter term goals are to follow the path of UX Engineer to Product Manager, all the while gaining valuable experience in making products that people love to use.

## Scheduling Virtual Coffee Chats

Inspired by a great interaction I recently had, I've opened my calendar for informal virtual coffees! No agenda necessary. Just two curious people chatting, seeing what we can discover together.

[Click here to find a time that works for you](https://www.cal.com/hanifcarroll/virtual-coffee)

_(If you can’t find a suitable time, send me an email and we’ll work it out.)_

## New Mobile App Project

I decided to start a new side project: a mobile app for people in Buenos Aires, Argentina to find other people for language exchanges. The idea is that they use the app to find people interested in practicing their language skills, then they coordinate to meet up in person.

I'm developing it Lean Startup style, aiming for fast iterations and getting feedback as quickly as I can.

## Spanish Mastery

Every day, I dedicate a bit of time to practicing my Spanish by reading aloud and by listening to audio books, podcasts, or YouTube videos. I've been doing this for about 5 weeks, and it's surprising how much more fluent I feel.

## Eastern Philosophies

I'm having a great time learning more about Eastern Philosophies, specifically Taoism and Buddhism. Currently reading The Dhammapada in Spanish.

Commit message:

Start changes from UX Engineer to Product Engineer

src/pages/now.md, after:

---
title: "Now | Hanif Carroll Web Designer & Developer"
description: "See what Hanif Carroll is focused on right now: current projects, priorities, and what’s new."
layout: ../layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro
updated: 2025-05-26
location: Buenos Aires, Argentina
---

# What I'm Up To

(This is [a now page](https://nownownow.com/about), and if you have your own site, you should make one, too.)

_Last Updated June 2nd, 2025_

## From Freelance to Product

After careful reflection, I've decided to set my sights on a new career path. My long term goal is to create a software studio that makes consumer apps that connect people and make their lives better. My shorter term goal is to join an early-stage startup as a founding engineer, where I can learn the full product lifecycle—from user research to technical architecture—while contributing to building something people genuinely want to use.

## Scheduling Virtual Coffee Chats

Inspired by a great interaction I recently had, I've opened my calendar for informal virtual coffees! No agenda necessary. Just two curious people chatting, seeing what we can discover together.

[Click here to find a time that works for you](https://www.cal.com/hanifcarroll/virtual-coffee)

_(If you can’t find a suitable time, send me an email and we’ll work it out.)_

## New Mobile App Project

I decided to start a new side project: a mobile app for people in Buenos Aires, Argentina to find other people for language exchanges. The idea is that they use the app to find people interested in practicing their language skills, then they coordinate to meet up in person.

I'm developing it Lean Startup style, aiming for fast iterations and getting feedback as quickly as I can.

## Spanish Mastery

Every day, I dedicate a bit of time to practicing my Spanish by reading aloud and by listening to audio books, podcasts, or YouTube videos. I've been doing this for about 5 weeks, and it's surprising how much more fluent I feel.

## Eastern Philosophies

I'm having a great time learning more about Eastern Philosophies, specifically Taoism and Buddhism. Currently reading The Dhammapada in Spanish.
