src/content/projects/desarmadero-la-torre.md, before:

---
title: "Desarmadero La Torre"
description: "From Figma design to Webflow CMS development: Launched an efficient online auto catalogue for Desarmadero La Torre."
tags: ["Website Design", "Webflow Development"]
image: "./desarmadero-la-torre.png"
imageAlt: "Desarmadero La Torre Screenshot"
order: 2
toolsUsed: ["Figma, Webflow", "CSS", "JavaScript"]
role: "Design & Development"
siteLink: https://desarmadero-la-torre.webflow.io"
isFeatured: true
---

## Enhancing Access to Auto Parts Inventory

Desarmadero La Torre, a seller of salvaged auto parts, needed an effective way to bring their extensive inventory online. Their goal was a professional, easy-to-manage catalogue allowing customers to easily view available vehicles, ultimately facilitating contact with their sales team.

## Design & Development Solution with Webflow CMS

Handling both design and development, the process began with industry research and close collaboration with the client. I designed a clean, intuitive interface in Figma focused on user-friendly inventory browse and search. This design was then developed entirely in Webflow, leveraging its powerful CMS capabilities. This empowers the Desarmadero La Torre team to effortlessly add, edit, and manage their stock listings without ongoing technical help. The site is fully responsive, ensuring a seamless experience across all devices.

## Result: Streamlined Operations & Customer Experience

The new Webflow site provides Desarmadero La Torre with a vital online sales tool. Customers now have a simple way to browse complex inventory, while the client benefits from an easily maintainable system and a professional digital storefront. This project demonstrates my expertise in delivering end-to-end design and Webflow development solutions, specifically tailored to solve business challenges like managing and presenting large inventories online effectively.

## Your Vision, Brought to Life

If you have a unique vision for your website that goes beyond standard templates, I can help you translate it into a functional, engaging, and effective online presence. Let's discuss how we can bring your ideas to life.

Commit message:

Change site from freelance focus to UX engineer employment focus.

src/content/projects/desarmadero-la-torre.md, after:

---
title: "Desarmadero La Torre"
description: "Created an efficient browsing experience for auto parts discovery, designing clear information architecture and search functionality to help customers find specific vehicle components quickly."
tags: ["Website Design", "Webflow Development"]
image: "./desarmadero-la-torre.png"
imageAlt: "Desarmadero La Torre Screenshot"
order: 1
toolsUsed: ["Figma, Webflow", "CSS", "JavaScript"]
role: "Design & Development"
siteLink: https://desarmadero-la-torre.webflow.io"
isFeatured: true
---

## Enhancing Access to Auto Parts Inventory

Desarmadero La Torre, a seller of salvaged auto parts, needed an effective way to bring their extensive inventory online. Their goal was a professional, easy-to-manage catalogue allowing customers to easily view available vehicles, ultimately facilitating contact with their sales team.

## Design & Development Solution with Webflow CMS

Handling both design and development, the process began with industry research and close collaboration with the client. I designed a clean, intuitive interface in Figma focused on user-friendly inventory browse and search. This design was then developed entirely in Webflow, leveraging its powerful CMS capabilities. This empowers the Desarmadero La Torre team to effortlessly add, edit, and manage their stock listings without ongoing technical help. The site is fully responsive, ensuring a seamless experience across all devices.

## Result: Streamlined Operations & Customer Experience

The new Webflow site provides Desarmadero La Torre with a vital online sales tool. Customers now have a simple way to browse complex inventory, while the client benefits from an easily maintainable system and a professional digital storefront. This project demonstrates my expertise in delivering end-to-end design and Webflow development solutions, specifically tailored to solve business challenges like managing and presenting large inventories online effectively.

## Your Vision, Brought to Life

If you have a unique vision for your website that goes beyond standard templates, I can help you translate it into a functional, engaging, and effective online presence. Let's discuss how we can bring your ideas to life.
